---
layout: post
title: Cashew
date: 2017-08-20 13:32:20 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: post-6.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Blog, Meditation]
author: # Shishir N Y (optional)
---
Theses

1.Shishir Nadubettu Yadukumar. [Input to State Stabilizing Control Lyapunov Functions for Hybrid Systems][PhdThesis]. 2016. Ph. D. thesis, Georgia Institute of Technology.


2.Shishir Nadubettu Yadukumar. [Bipedal Robotic Walking on Flat-Ground, Up-Slope and Rough Terrain with Human-Inspired Hybrid Zero Dynamics][MsThesis]. 2012. Master's thesis, Texas A&M University.

Journal articles

3.A. D. Ames and P. Tabuada and A. Jones and W. Ma and M. Rungger and B. Schurmann and S. Kolathaya and J. W. Grizzle.
First steps toward formal controller synthesis for bipedal robots with experimental implementation. 2017. Nonlinear Analysis: Hybrid Systems. pdf

4.S. Kolathaya and A. D. Ames.
Parameter to state stability of control Lyapunov functions for hybrid system models of robots. 2016. Nonlinear Analysis: Hybrid Systems.
Conference publications
W.L. Ma and S. Kolathaya and E. Ambrose and C. Hubicki and A. D. Ames.
Bipedal Robotic Running with DURUS-2D: Bridging the Gap between Theory and Experiment. 2017. in Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Hybrid Systems: Computation and Control, pages 265--274.
A. Hereid and S. Kolathaya and A. D. Ames.
Online optimal gait generation for bipedal walking robots using legendre pseudospectral optimization. 2016. in 2016 IEEE 55th Conference on Decision and Control (CDC), pages 6173-6179.
S. Kolathaya and A. Hereid and A. D. Ames.
Time dependent control Lyapunov functions and hybrid zero dynamics for stable robotic locomotion. 2016. in 2016 American Control Conference (ACC), pages 3916-3921.
S. Kolathaya and A. D. Ames.
Parameter Sensitivity and Boundedness of Robotic Hybrid Periodic Orbits.. 2015. IFAC-PapersOnLine, 48(27):377 - 382.
A. D. Ames and P. Tabuada and B. Schurmann and W. L. Ma and S. Kolathaya and M. Rungger and J. W. Grizzle.
First Steps Toward Formal Controller Synthesis for Bipedal Robots. 2015. in Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Hybrid Systems: Computation and Control, pages 209--218.
S. Kolathaya and A. D. Ames.
Exponential convergence of a unified CLF controller for robotic systems under parameter uncertainty. 2014. in 2014 American Control Conference, pages 3710-3715.
W. L. Ma and H. H. Zhao and S. Kolathaya and A. D. Ames.
Human-inspired walking via unified PD and impedance control. 2014. in 2014 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), pages 5088-5094.
A. Hereid and S. Kolathaya and M. S. Jones and J. Van Why and J. W. Hurst and A. D. Ames.
Dynamic Multi-domain Bipedal Walking with Atrias Through SLIP Based Human-inspired Control. 2014. in Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Hybrid Systems: Computation and Control, pages 263--272.
H. Zhao and S. Kolathaya and A. D. Ames.
Quadratic programming and impedance control for transfemoral prosthesis. 2014. in 2014 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), pages 1341-1347.
S. Kolathaya and A. D. Ames.
Achieving Bipedal Locomotion on Rough Terrain through Human-Inspired Control. 2012. in 10th IEEE International Symposium on Safety Security and Rescue Robotics. College Station, Texas, USA.
S. N. Yadukumar Kolathaya and M. Pasupuleti and A. D. Ames.
Human-inspired underactuated bipedal robotic walking with AMBER on flat-ground, up-slope and uneven terrain. 2012. in 2012 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, pages 2478--2483.
Z. Huihua and S. N. Yadukumar Kolathaya and A. D. Ames.
Bipedal robotic running with partial hybrid zero dynamics and human-inspired optimization. 2012. in 2012 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, pages 1821-1827.
S. N. Yadukumar Kolathaya and B. Kothapalli and A. D. Ames.
Zeno behavior in electromechanical hybrid systems: From theory to experimental validation. 2012. in 2012 American Control Conference (ACC), pages 2437-2442.
Book chapters (peer reviewed)
S. Kolathaya and W. L. Ma and A. D. Ames.
Composing Dynamical Systems to Realize Dynamic Robotic Dancing. 2015. Chapter in Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics XI: Selected Contributions of the Eleventh International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics, Springer International Publishing, Cham.
S. N. Yadukumar Kolathaya and M. Pasupuleti and A. D. Ames.
From Formal Methods to Algorithmic Implementation of Human Inspired Control on Bipedal Robots. 2013. Chapter in Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics X: Selected Contributions of the Tenth International Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics, Springer International Publishing, Cham.
Miscellaneous
S. Kolathaya and B. J. Morris and R. W. Sinnet and A. D. Ames.
System Identification and Control of Valkyrie through SVA--Based Regressor Computation. 2016. arXiv preprint arXiv:1608.02683.
S. Kolathaya and R. Sinnet and W. L. Ma and A. D. Ames.
Human-Inspired Walking in AMBER 1.0 and AMBER 2.0. 2013. Dynamic Walking 2013.

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[PhdThesis]: https://smartech.gatech.edu/handle/1853/59140
[MsThesis]: https://oaktrust.library.tamu.edu/handle/1969.1/148284?show=full
[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
